and will power to do something for themselves and their family.
I am Boyden McCall, General Former of the Follensbeast Hill Corporation.
I have lived in this city for just childhood.
I have watched the boys grow up and go into the mill.
I have seen others die and pass away.
You are looking down on the plan to fall in the Spastill Corporation,
and the city of Follens be in the foreground.
A happy city of 4500 people.
You are looking down on a former of the residential section of Follensbeast.
It is now being overcrowded with the business section.
At that spot was once a swamp and an apple orchard.
Today it has been crowded out with the growing business and expansion of the mill.
There you are happy people down there.
For a while we thought the town was going to be in sorrow.
But today we are thankful to God that our industry has been saved.
Bright below us is a typical home in Follensbeast.
There is a family of four young children there.
They are all happy.
It is the 12th day after Christmas and they are getting rid of their Christmas tree.
They truly had a real Christmas.
Can I interrupt this happy family gathering?
Tell me Mrs. Fiscardo, how did you and the children enjoy Christmas this year?
We really enjoyed Christmas this year.
It was one of the nicest we had.
Everyone, every Christmas is nice.
But this is really the nicest.
The children enjoyed it.
They got everything they wanted.
In the two older girls, they were old enough to realize the situation that the mill was
in and when they found out the news, they were pretty tickled about it.
I asked everybody else in the family what was the best present they got for Christmas?
Judy got a stove.
What was your best Christmas present?
The best Christmas present I got here is when I got the news that our mill was going
to be established here in Follensbeast.
Now I can go right ahead and make plans for my family in the future.
What would have happened if the mill closed down?
Sir, I think this town here has been a ghost town.
The people here I am as and after being here all our lives have been lost concerning
myself to say it wouldn't been worth staying here.
As you all know, this happened a few short months ago.
We learned that our plant was big move to Dalson, Alabama.
At that time we decided that we should have a committee.
We should do something.
So a citizens committee was formed.
Today, children is a great day in our lives.
This is the day that we meet Cyrus Eaton, the man who saved our town, our mill, our home,
our school, is a great day in our lives because it means so much to each and every one of us.
We are going down to the mill and we are going to give Cyrus Eaton a hearted grieving to
show him how happy we really are.
Before we go, let's stand and sing the first verse of America the Beautiful.
That's a good song for so appropriate a time to show that we have fought for what we wanted
and we have won.
This could only happen in America, let's stand.
Good morning, what's your name?
John Berry.
John, how long have you been here?
Twenty-seven years.
You're about one of the oldest ones in the plant, I guess, huh?
No, there's a lot more than I am here.
You're a medium time, too, huh?
Yeah, medium time.
How did you feel when you first started the news that they were going to sell the plants?
Well, look bad for the boys working here.
The ones that got their property.
I think to see more of this marvelous community.
We'll accomplish that if we all pitch in there.
Very much.
I ask, certainly, Davis.
I am Frank Basel, Mayor of the City of Fallen Bay.
Tonight, I am one of the happiest men in the whole United States.
John Brown, John, to the country, to the old town, like the cold.
John Brown, John Berry, John, by old tree, John Brown, John Berry, John, by old tree.
John Brown.
In the Father's land, four acres stay in.
Blesseth their Lord and be thy gifts, which we are about to receive from my down teaching
and my Lord, amen.
In the Father's land, holy, gay, stay in.